hi people it's me Fox and welcome to
another video can can you guess what
time it is
can you guess what time it is 10:30 -
it's 10:30 - close it down open this
you're volatile collection yeah yeah I
went and got myself at your volatile
collection to open for you people
because I know how much you love you vol
12 and only you vault all journey astiz
not exist
I'm kidding he does he's actually pretty
good but I like you both almost I'm
gonna open this one yep got this I'm
gonna do something I usually don't do
which is look around the box first I'll
take the plastic off don't get any glare
I usually don't look around the box cuz
it's pretty freaking boring but let's go
ahead and try it once in a while my zoom
didn't know have you guys can move up
the camera a little bit just just a
skosh there we go now the cameras like
it face level alright so the volatile
collection is the back of the box caused
chaos in Kalos or Kalos and the serious
college this is why I don't read these
things cuz they're boring and here we
got a bunch of stuff in the side onion
formations and warnings morning small
parts spins yells off warning alright
you've also collection we got we got
ourselves a figure a foil you volatile
reprint from set 2 X 3 XY packs and one
legendary treasures packs we got the
name for a second
for some reason cuz so let's open this
thing up by the way I always forget to
mention this in a video but I have a
Twitter if you want to go and you know
follow me on Twitter I don't really do
much on it but I will start if I get
enough followers starting I will start
posting stuff about what I can by where
I am like if I'm at a target what I
should get to open you can probably hear
outside my window I can't do
anything about that because workers are
the workers here at douchebags alright
so yeah open this take out your vault so
we can get it there we go look thicker
than usual mmm throw it on the floor cuz
I don't care here we got your vault Oh
Levine wing it's actually really good
move darkness blade it's really badass
the name for a band
our figure which doesn't come with a
stand I'm guessing this is the stand
does it come to the same oh it does come
to this thing wow it comes with this
name under the packs alright they gave
us a metal metal stick okay here we have
to do some construction work here so
let's there we go
we're screwing it in but dum TISS fuck's
sake how the hell do you get this in oh
this is just constructive
I didn't buy Legos I didn't forget my
connects where I have to put
together whatever do this later I don't
care here we get leo look look see Balto
see Balto he's going to hug you with his
sharp ass claws this is a sharp
figure I am not kidding you run this
look see how I hurt myself for you
people this is a sharp figure damn dude
damn all right we got her packs and all
that's it I'll put this right here so he
wears this head there's a giant why I
don't know which one's his head
obvious cut in the video you know why
cuz nobody told me cats needed food
alright so we got out of three X&Y packs
and on one legendary treasure pack will
open the legendre sugar first cuz I
don't know maybe we'll get them you two
alright I dunno the trick actually how
to do this it's two from the back so
we'll do it we'll give that a shot
Junior we got a Sableye will zoom in a
little bit not that much alright so we
start with Sableye and you switch really
heavy they were friend of that Piplup
solo sis that's what rubbish
good card swaddle una verse and a
Zechariah me X there we go a nice in
chino and the Audino sweet we got in the
X it's not really good in any way but
it's in the X yeah all the legendary
treasures I think you're guaranteed in
the X within 2 or 3 packs
I don't guarantee but you'll put you're
pretty much getting any X within three
packs alright so we got our X&Y packs to
open bust em open
like don't drink soda in the morning
kids you'll get a stomachache
see see I give some good lessons to the
kids all right so we're starting off
with Kakuna diggersby shadow circle so
stadium Jigglypuff let it be' Sandile
diggle it Taillow oh that's nice reverse
delphox any wiggle eat up oh who cares
we got a reverse double box it's pretty
good sweet as you as you may know
delphox is a is a Fox pokémon and I'm
Fox who collects in plays pokemon can
you see shut up now alright
second-to-last
throw it on a floor cuz I'm clean
alright start off with quad iliyan or
quilladin or pinata evo soda really
tasty spewpa that's a horrible name for
a pokemon I'm sorry bunnelby pumpkaboo
Pam poor scatterbug not any better of a
name water energy will be tough reverse
and aid the barrel did we just get the
wait list of rare and reverses in like
the same oh no it's a different
Wigglytuff is that rare though yeah
they're both rares so there's two
differently Tufts and they're both rares
they both do different things and
they're both fairies alright last pack
for the video X&Y can we pull the ax
hopefully it's not a Venus or maybe a
ball taller or xerneas does you know I
haven't pulled those on video yet I've
put these two on the bottom because I'm
cool like that
alright so we're starting off with duck
and I accidentally get the right now I'm
coming doll caddy flush on fletchinder
fletchinder
sure showing up which is actually only
by the card pond yard fletchling
fennekin - Fox like me Voltorb NHA spin
our reverse is a Venipede and i rare is
another malamar i have like 80 mallomars
not i wish they were the candy bar cuz
then you know food but a mouth
Sikkim alum already
but I did get a reverse Stelfox so
that's good and these are crummy X and
the promo and they incredibly
complicated to arrange toy that requires
a lot of work but yeah all right that is
it for this video guys hope you enjoyed
I will see you later with more videos
I'm gonna start doing PTC Gio again so
there you go and because I don't feel
like putting all these coasts in a box
here you go here's a new zip code tell
me you get it tell me if you actually
get this code because I want to give you
another one because now it's gone it's
gone like Lassie alright see you guys
later
thanks for watching bye now